[Music]
foreign
so we are going to talk about how this
one guy grew his this YouTube channel
and it started in April April 15th grew
it to 100 million views but the return
was only 900 I'm sharing my screen over
here he says my greatest skill new
YouTube channel launched on April 15th
now at 100 million views with a
reasonable budget I can do this for any
Niche any category so here's the proof
right so 109 million views and then you
can see estimated Revenue 900
391k subscribers what time 931k what are
his videos on I'm assuming it's General
consumer which makes it go viral his
video is on like mini katanas so it is
consumer based correct and all his
videos are on katanas yeah this at least
for this channel you can it it's so
funny everyone optimizes for views and
I'm not saying Isaac did a bad job
congrats on the success Isaac 100
million views is actually a lot of views
in marketing don't emphasize too much on
views focus more on generating Revenue
even though the screenshot shows the
estimated 907 dollars in Revenue you
probably could generate much more
Revenue than that but the key is a lot
of people focus on vanity metrics oh
look how many followers I got look how
many subscribers I have I have a lot of
subscribers well it depends who you're
compared to but like to Kardashian no
but to the average person sure I have a
lot of channels with over a million
subscribers or followers but if it
doesn't convert into Revenue it doesn't
matter don't focus on views focus on
conversions whatever you're doing try to
figure out who your ideal customer is
create a Persona and create content that
helps them solve their problems do
everything you can to please out one
single Persona type that is how you'll
generate the most Revenue out there I I
this is my fault for not mentioning this
but uh someone said only 900 for 100
million views and so this guy responds
Isaac he says one it's a low CPM Niche
two he he was Dumb and forgot to apply
the partner program okay that's a big
one three I don't care about the ad
Revenue either way so to your point it
was more so about driving more consumer
Revenue yeah and I don't think he was
monetizing that's why I said it's an
estimated 900 which is what the stat
shows in that screenshot I think he
could have made more money well my point
is he did make money he drove it to the
katana's thing so you know he drove
conversions that way so
um because it wasn't important to him he
forgot to turn the partner program on so
money was never like ad Revenue was
never a priority for him did he ever
break down how much revenue he drove for
his Katana sales he didn't so on this I
could be wrong but if I'm assuming if it
was massive he would have shared that
number yeah so he's I mean in this
thread he says he does this all the time
he's like we produce like not 200 new
videos a month good for him right that's
a lot of traffic so on more people you
know who's responding to him like Jason
lemkin's responding to him right the the
founder of saster he's like you're
you're hired and then this is like his
tweet that went viral it actually got
like 400k views on this one tweet and he
only has like 13 000 subscribers yeah
but it's hard to do that in all niches
he's not going to get 100 million views
really quickly in B2B I'm gonna talk to
him and then maybe I can share the data
with everyone so stay tuned here stay
tuned to marketing School everyone
someone asked like what's the reasonable
budget he said 20K for each Channel yeah
that's not bad
this guy is doing well congrats to him
I'm just a big believer if you're
getting tons and tons of views depending
on your Niche not all niches but some
niches it is really hard to monetize or
get those views at scale either one or
the other and the reason I'm saying this
is let's say Your Law Firm specializing
in mesothelioma you're not going to get
100 million views if you do get 100
million views 99 of those people are not
qualified to become your customer so I
wouldn't focus on views I would focus on
revenue and typically what we see is if
you get tons of views and you're going
viral most those people are not buying
but on the flip side if you create
really Niche content and I don't mean
like katana like a sword but Niche
content that appeals to very specific
people like
I'm an engineer in a company and I'm
focused on uh cyber security and you're
creating content very specifically for
that one person you're not going to get
the views but you can generate more
Revenue just because of how related it
is to their problems now if you have any
questions leave a comment below I'm here
to answer them and help you out if you
enjoyed the video
thank you very much